The Joe Rogan experience. So put the sneakers that kids are wearing that have a,
a green tag on them. I was, it was explained to me,
are we telling the boomers now there's a green tea. I'm not a boomer, right?
I'm a generation X, the boomers. A state of mind. Yeah. Oh, okay. Cool, man.
This is green tack. What is it? An off-white. Is that what it is? Yeah.
So they have this green tag on this pair.
I was buying a pair of Nike's for my kid and they're like, oh,
those are off what what's up with this green thing? Yeah. What do they go?
You leave that on. I'm like, you. I'm not leaving this stupid plastic tag on.
No, you don't leave that on. Wait, what can people do that thing?
Giant tag. They leave these stupid tags. And these are huge.
They're cumbersome. They look dumb, but where I'm on their shoe,
it's part of the thing. It's part of the grant.
This person was trying to explain it to me. It's part of the brand,
look in five years, it's going to go away. Oh, why is it here?
Because it looks different. It looks different. It's like a flat someone.
You to have a knife and then she'd go up to these kids and just cut that off and
go. No, we're about to go to war. They're making you soft and stupid.
This is probably a plot by the Russians and the Chinese.
And the Iranians could try to make sure that our kids grow dumber and dumber.
This is probably something that was started out on Instagram by one of those
IRA, internet research agencies.
That's the people that make all the propaganda from the Russian troll farms.